hey how's it going my name is Sylvia
Perez and in this video I'm gonna be
talking about the difference between
Google Adwords and Facebook Ads
so let's dive right into it so first and
foremost Google AdWords Google AdWords
the main difference between Google and
Facebook is Google is very intent based
with Google you know exactly what people
are searching for you know their
intentions so you can provide them the
right solution for what they're looking
for it's very intent based it's very a
and B they they're looking for a so you
provide them with the solution and the
difference between Facebook is Facebook
is not as intent based it's more
interest based with with Facebook you
can target by categories of interest so
you have all these different categories
you can choose from and with Facebook
just because somebody might be
interested in a certain topic or
category doesn't mean they're
necessarily looking for that that topic
or category so with Google you have the
advantage of you know if somebody is
actually looking for something because
you can bid on these keywords that
they're searching for in Google search
but with Facebook you don't have that
luxury because you know based on their
profile data and the group's they've
joined and things they've liked Facebook
compiles as data over time and they kind
of build out a a profile of this person
of their you know psychographics and
demographics of what they're interested
in stuff and how old they are and things
like that
now just because I'm interested in let's
say Miami Heat basketball team doesn't
mean I'm necessarily ready to buy some
tickets
so with Facebook the way you advertise
has to be different than with Google if
you know I'm going to Google search and
I'm searching for Miami Heat basketball
tickets then you can you know it's very
simple and you can just provide me with
those tickets that I'm looking for now
the other thing too is to keep in mind
with Facebook is Facebook you have the
advantage that the cost per click how
much it costs you every time someone
clicks on your ad or if you're doing it
by impressions is a lot cheaper than
Google Google is usually a lot more
expensive but the added benefit with
Google is you know exactly what you're
paying for
with Facebook it takes a little bit more
work in the sense that you can't just
sell someone your product or service
right
if they're not interested in that
because you know you're competing
against cat videos and people's kids and
things like that so with Facebook you
really need to make sure that you move
the person throughout that that buyers
journey so I don't if you guys have ever
heard of the buyers journey and there's
a lot of different formats of saying the
same thing but one of them is called the
a ID a sales funnel which is basically
we go through awareness then interest
then desire and then we take action so
with Facebook you have the added benefit
of you're already in the interest part
of the funnel because you know these
people are interested based on the data
Facebook has compiled of these
individuals so now you just have to make
sure that you move them from interest to
desire and then action versus with
Google people already have the desire
and you just have to provide them the
solution so they can take action I hope
that makes sense guys if you found some
value from this video please go ahead
and leave a like comment and subscribe
and tell me you know what your thoughts
are on Facebook and Google and what
you'd like to learn more about so I can
create some more content on that so
thank you so much for watching
take care
[Music]